[wrangler] Update instructions for accessing runtime types (#20082)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/languages/typescript/index.mdx

To ensure that your type definitions always match your Worker's configuration, you can dynamically generate types by running:

<PackageManagers type="exec" pkg="wrangler" args={"types"} />

See [the `wrangler types` command docs](/workers/wrangler/commands/#types) for more details.

:::note

<Render file="wrangler-commands/runtime-types" product="workers" />

:::

This will generate a `d.ts` file and (by default) save it to `worker-configuration.d.ts`. This will include `Env` types based on your Worker bindings _and_ runtime types based on your Worker's compatibility date and flags.

You should then add that file to your `tsconfig.json`'s `compilerOptions.types` array. If you have the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag, you should also install `@types/node`.

You can commit your types file to git if you wish.

:::note

To ensure that your types are always up-to-date, make sure to run `wrangler types` after any changes to your config file.\*\*

:::

<h3 id="migrating">
	Migrating from `@cloudflare/workers-types` to `wrangler types`
</h3>

> We recommend you use `wrangler types` to generate runtime types, rather than using the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package, as it provides better support for combinations of [compatibility date](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd/tree/main/npm/workers-types#compatibility-dates) and `compatibility flags`. Note that there are no plans to stop publishing the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you use `wrangler types` to generate runtime types, rather than using the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package, as it generates types based on your Worker's [compatibility date](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd/tree/main/npm/workers-types#compatibility-dates) and `compatibility flags`, ensuring that types match the exact runtime APIs made available to your Worker. Note that there are no plans to stop publishing the `@cloudflare/workers-types` package.
```

Just to be a bit more specific?
